Test Subject
Visit to website https://www.saucedemo.com/. We login to home page and placed order products. 
Then we will fill customer's information and payment it.

Code Editor:
PyCharm 2022.1.2 (Community Edition)

Libraries and Frameworks
python 3.10.4
pip 21.3.1
Selenium 4.2.0
Robot Framework 5.0.1
Robot Framework-datadriver 1.6.1
robotframework-seleniumlibrary 4.2.0
robotframework-pabot 2.5.3

Features
KeywordDriven Testing.
Parallel Testing.
Headless Browser Testing.
Report Generation with Screenshots.
DataDriven Test support for execute in parallel.
Cross Browser Testing through different browser like Firefox, Chrome.

KeywordDriven Testing
The keyword-driven testing (KDT) approach uses keywords (action words) to determine the functionality under test. 
Basically, these action words simulate real user actions on the tested application.

Parallel testing
The parallel test execution is based on the pabot library feature on Robot. 
A parallel executor for Robot Framework tests. Split one execution into multiple and save test execution time.

To execute the test cases parallely:
pabot --processes 2 --outputdir Results TestCases\*.robot

Headless Browser Testing:
A headless browser is a web browser without a Graphical User Interface (GUI). 
To put it better, any browser that has the capabilities of a full-fledged web browser but does not have a User Interface and can only be operated using a script or any other software is known as a headless browser.

To execute the test cases with Headless Browser
Define the browser with headless
Example: Headlesschrome, Headlessfirefox

Report Generation with Screenshots:
Robot framework have the great efficiency to generate the reports Automatically and the Screeanshots also taken in various places whenever it is required.

DataDriven Test support for execute in parallel:
In Robot framework Data-driven with Datadriven testing, input data can be stored in single or multiple data sources like xls, XML, csv, and databases.

Add the Datadriver in Header and data driver library
Library  DataDriver  ../DATAFOLDER/DATAFILE.csv

Cross Browser Testing:
In each Test cases the browser types are defined and we can update with the below keywords.
Example: Headlesschrome, Headlessfirefox

Commands to execute all the Test cases:
robot TestCases\*.robot 
